src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/AdminController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/AdminController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/AdminController.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/AdminController.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:58:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserController.java:58:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
<<<<<<< HEAD
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:26:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:26:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:27:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:27:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:33:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:33:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:35:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:35:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:96:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:96:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:161:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:161:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:200:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:200:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:20:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:20:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:49:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:49:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:45:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:45:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:80:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:80:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:43:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:43:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:79:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:79:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:94:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:94:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:129:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:129:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:22:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:22:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:38:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:38:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:39:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:39:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:42:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:42:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:43:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:43:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:48:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:48:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:87:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:87:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:121:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:121:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:69:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:69:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:126:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:126:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:194:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:194:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:218:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:218:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:239:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:239:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:267:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:267:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:55:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:55:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:56:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:56:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:58:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:58:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:63:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:63:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:64:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:64:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:64:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:64:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ze
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ze
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:111:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:111:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:37:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:37:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:111:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:111:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:120:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:120:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:123:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:123:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:46:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:18:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:18:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:91:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:91:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:103:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:103:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:115:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:115:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:121:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:121:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:127:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:127:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:133:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:133:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:139:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:139:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:41:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:42:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:42:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:48:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:48:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:50:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:50:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:53:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:53:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:147:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:147:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:189:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:189:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:205:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:205:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:227:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:227:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:245:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:245:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:260:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:260:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:278:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:278:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:297:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:297:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:297:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:297:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:300:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:300:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:325:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:325:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:22:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:22:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:29:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:29:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:33:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:33:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:27:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:27:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:38:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:38:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:45:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:45:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:50:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:50:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:70:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:70:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:75:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:75:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:91:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:91:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:93:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:93:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:98:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:98:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:108:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:126:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:126:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:136:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:136:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:137:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:137:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:171:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:171:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:183:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:183:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:189:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:189:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:191:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:191:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:196:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:196:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:215:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:215:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:216:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:216:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:229:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:229:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:233:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:233:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:280:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:280:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:292:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:292:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:293:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:293:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:300:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:300:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:307:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:307:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:309:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:309:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:311:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:311:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:317:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:317:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:326:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:326:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:337:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:337:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:368:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:368:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:398:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:398:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:400:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:400:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:406:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:406:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:411:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:411:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:417:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:417:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:423:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:423:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:427:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:427:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:446:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:446:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:454:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:454:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:456:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:456:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:466:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:466:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:476:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:476:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:493:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:493:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:499:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:499:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:507:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:507:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:526:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:526:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:536:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:536:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:537:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:537:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:544:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:544:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:560:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:560:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:565:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:565:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:570:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:570:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:573:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:573:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:574:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:574:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:580:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:580:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:587:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:587:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:591:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:591:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:603:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:603:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:607:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:607:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:651:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:651:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:652:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:652:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:653:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:653:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:654:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:654:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:685:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:685:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:691:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:691:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:692:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:692:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:699:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:699:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:701:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:701:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:703:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:703:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:709:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:709:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:739:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:739:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:748:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:748:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:750:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:750:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:756:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:756:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:758:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:758:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:761:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:761:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:767:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:767:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:773:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:773:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:777:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:777:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:796:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:796:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:804:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:804:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:806:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:806:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:816:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:816:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:826:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:826:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:843:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:843:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:849:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:849:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:857:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:857:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:878:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:878:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:883:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:883:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:888:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:888:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:893:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:893:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:894:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:894:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:919:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:919:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:926:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:926:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:929:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:929:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:930:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:930:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:937:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:937:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:939:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:939:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:942:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:942:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:943:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:943:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:950:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:950:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:954:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:954:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:956:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:956:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:957:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:957:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:965:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:965:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:968:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:968:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:972:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:972:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:986:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:986:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:988:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:988:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:992:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:992:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1000:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1000:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1003:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1003:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1004:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1004:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1005:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1005:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1008:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1008:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1009:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1009:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1015:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1015:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1024:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1024:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1027:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1027:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1029:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1029:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1032:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1032:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1033:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1033:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
=======
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/user/AdminUserServiceImpl.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/controller/AdminVolumeController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:128:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:128:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:129:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:129:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:161:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:161:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:162:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:162:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:173:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:173:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:174:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeDAO.java:174:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/admin/volume/service/AdminVolumeServiceImpl.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ChatVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like page
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like page
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like page
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/Paging.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like page
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like reId
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like reId
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/ReVO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rpId
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rpId
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/RpVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/SearchVO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like last
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ChatController.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like req
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like req
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HandshakeInterceptor.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like date
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like date
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/HomeController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/ReController.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like revo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like revo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rpvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rpvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like svo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like svo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/RpController.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like revo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like revo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like svo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like svo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SearchController.java:113:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:49:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:49:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cmd
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cmd
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like date
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like date
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:98:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cvo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:112:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:112:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:132:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/controller/SoketHandler.java:132:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like msg
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ChatService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/ReService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/RpService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/SearchService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatDAOMybatis.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ChatServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/ReServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpDAOMybatis.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/RpServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchDAOMybatis.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/chat/service/impl/SearchServiceImpl.java:77:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/LoginInterceptor.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/common/MemberScheduler.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/BackupVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DatafileVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/DbMngInterceptor.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/TablespaceVO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserTbspcTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/UserVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like path
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like path
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/BackupController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/MessgeController.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:69:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:81:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:87:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:87:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:96:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like arr
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:96:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like arr
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:121:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:121:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:126:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:129:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like arr
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:129:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like arr
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:141:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/StorageController.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/UserController.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/controller/dbmanagementController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like URL
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like URL
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:37:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:105:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:126:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:126:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:194:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:194:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:218:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:218:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:239:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Coolsms.java:239:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like obj
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like obj
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:150:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like obj
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:150:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like obj
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:154:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:154:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:158:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:158:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:177:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:177:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:228:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:237:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:251:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:267:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:267:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:283:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like salt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:287:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:287:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:289:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mac
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:289:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mac
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Https.java:323:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/messge/Scheduler.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like set
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/BackupService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pct
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pct
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like used
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/MessgeVO.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like free
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/StorageService.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like name
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:5:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like name
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like name
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like name
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserSchemaVO.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:30:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/UserService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupDAOMybatis.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like file
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like file
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:73:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like time
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like time
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:88:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like buf
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:88:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like buf
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:91:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like out
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:91:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like out
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:95:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like path
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:95:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like path
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:99:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ze
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:99:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ze
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like len
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/BackupServiceImpl.java:102:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like len
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeDAO.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/MessgeServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sqls
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sqls
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:38:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like num
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAO.java:38:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like num
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageDAOMybatis.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/StorageServiceImpl.java:75:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserDAOMybatis.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/dbmanagement/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/SchemaVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/controller/SchemaController.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:7:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/SchemaService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaDAOMybatis.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/distributing/service/impl/SchemaServiceImpl.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cnt
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/DeclarationVO.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cnt
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/MemberVO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/DeclarationController.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:27:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/LoginController.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:17:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:65:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:72:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:85:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:96:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:98:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:100:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like len
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:117:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like len
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/controller/MemberRestController.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/DeclarationService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/MemberService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/DeclarationServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:39:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:51:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:50:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/member/service/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/PayHisIfTbVO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/controller/PayRestController.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:6:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/PayService.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pay
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pay
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayDAO.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dto
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/pay/service/impl/PayServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:18:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tag
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tag
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:49:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:49:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:61:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:67:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:85:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:91:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:91:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:97:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:103:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:103:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:119:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/controller/SQLController.java:119:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/SQLService.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:71:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:78:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hash
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:78:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hash
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:79:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:79:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like key
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:86:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like meta
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:86:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like meta
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:181:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:181:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:186:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:186:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:203:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:203:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:205:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:205:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:206:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:206:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like map
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:236:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:236:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:236:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:236:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:249:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:249:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:249:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:249:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:263:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:269:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAO.java:269:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like conn
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like psmt
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like user
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like url
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/DAOforGetUserScemaNM.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:107:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:159:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:159:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:180:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:180:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:187:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:187:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:194:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:194:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like exp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:241:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:241:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:291:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:291:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:313:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like join
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:313:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like join
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:359:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:359:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:392:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:392:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:443:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:443:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:531:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:531:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:557:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:557:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:573:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:573:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:574:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:574:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:642:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:642:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:688:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:688:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:705:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like join
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:705:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like join
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:730:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:730:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like col
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:742:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:742:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like temp
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:793:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:793:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like str
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:889:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:889:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:916:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:916:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:917:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:917:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:918:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:918:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:927:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:927:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:928:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:928:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:940:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:940:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:941:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:941:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like data
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:953:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:953:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:954:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:954:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:964:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:964:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sql
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:966:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:966:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:984:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:984:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:985:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:985:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like list
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:994:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:994:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:994:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:994:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pwd
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1000:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
src/main/java/com/dsup/sql/service/impl/SQLServiceImpl.java:1000:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dao
>>>>>>> branch 'master' of https://github.com/sh910312/Dsup.git
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/TestVO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/controller/TestController.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/controller/TestController.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/TestService.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/TestService.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/impl/TestDAOMybatis.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/impl/TestDAOMybatis.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/impl/TestServiceImpl.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/com/dsup/temp/service/impl/TestServiceImpl.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
